c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Contract.exe.config
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.g.resources
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Contract.exe
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Contract.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.exe
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Evgeniy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LabServiseNew\Contract\obj\Debug\Contract.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
